Elderly Jarl's Mod License [EJML]

Copyright (c) Elderly Jarl 2024

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to use,
copy, modify, merge, and distribute copies of the Software, subject to the
following conditions:

1. Use

You are free to use this Software for any personal or non-commercial purposes 
without requesting permission from the original author. Attribution is not 
required for personal use, but is appreciated.

2. Modifications

You may modify this Software without requesting permission from the original 
author. However, all modifications must include clear attribution to 
[Elderly Jarl](https://github.com/ElderlyJarl) as the original author in any 
distributed or published versions.

3. Distribution

You are allowed to distribute this Software and any modified versions, without 
requesting permission, provided that all copies include the above copyright 
notice and a clear attribution to [Elderly Jarl](https://github.com/ElderlyJarl)
as the original author.
 
4. No Affiliation with Ludeon Studios

This Software is an independent creation and is not affiliated with, endorsed 
by, or sponsored by Ludeon Studios, the developers of RimWorld. This Software 
does not claim any ownership or rights to RimWorld or any of its assets or elements.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. THE AUTHOR ASSUMES NO
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE OR DATA LOSS THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF 
THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE 
OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
